Update generated code (#1287)
async-aws/aws: src/Service/RdsDataService/CHANGELOG.md

> - AWS api-change: Support to receive SQL query results in the form of a simplified JSON string. This enables developers using the new JSON string format to more easily convert it to an object using popular JSON string parsing libraries.
> - AWS enhancement: Documentation updates.
> - AWS enhancement: Documentation updates for RDS Data API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS api-change: Support to receive SQL query results in the form of a simplified JSON string. This enables developers using the new JSON string format to more easily convert it to an object using popular JSON string parsing libraries.
- AWS enhancement: Documentation updates.
- Added `fips` regions
```
